what's the first day of worlds groups
with covers presented by you Gigi I'm
here with a person who has sponsored by
you Gigi double lift how's it going
double lift
it's going good say that we would
usually just lost but it's going good
yeah okay well let's talk about the the
bad stuff so that we can get to the fun
stuff so you lost a Katie you set the
stage for North America well I guess c9
did last week but it didn't look fun
what was that game like for you
yeah probably one of the worst starts
that could have possibly happened that's
one of the worst loved ones ever it's
actually better to die than to blue blow
both your pots and flash and be 10% HP
when Lane just starts in the minions are
crashing also they froze so it was
horrible like I think I think the start
was was absolutely awful and I kind of
felt like the pressure that they were
putting out on me was it was huge they
could just kill me any time but actually
in the game like I say game is going on
I realize that they're playing they're
actually playing really sloppy they're
playing weird they're not warding well
so we got a gank off and that turned the
game completely around and then they try
to force again we TPD counter like I
think we like read their movements
really well we read their plays really
well and then you know as the game went
on and on like they snuck a herald we
got there bought our we kept trading
objectives
Katie's macro was actually pretty good
but I think ours was also like pretty
spot-on too
and then as a game went to mid game I
think that's when people like started
feeling like oh wow this is really bad I
felt like we're actually ahead we're
winning in Dragon's we're actually
playing pretty good
a couple of miss plays where people are
dying getting caught sure and then the
drag that spawned where we're like we
all died and then we lost barian I think
that's when I realized that we're just
not playing with confidence like old-old
us or like current version of us playing
well we would have just said fuck it
like let's just fight them they're just
walking up in our face like we have to
kill them so that's one I think we were
a little disconnected and I think like
mainly we're just playing too scared
first day we're playing against huge
like favored matchup for it for them and
like as underdogs I think we just let
the pressure get to us a little bit too
much and we weren't playing like
ourselves like we we should have just
fought more I think that's like it
sounds like a really like so
very barbaric thing but yeah we were too
scared and maybe it looked like we were
just slowly losing stuff but I think we
were we're going through good motions
we're like we're in position to fight
and then we just kind of don't fight and
like we talked about afterwards like how
close that game was we should have won
we just gave the game to them for free I
don't think really think they were doing
anything super well I think we just got
in our heads too much when we lost it
Olivia you can come in if you want your
era videographer is like trying she's
literally like I see her face yeah yeah
there's a curtain right here and she's
like trying to sneak in this is this is
the stuff the Travis doublelift
interview got to get this for the squad
episode all right so you lost
how how how bad is should everyone be
concerned about Yale right now right is
this just like now everyone's gonna tilt
off the earth all he's gonna sell
himself out like well that the beginning
of the end started right in the
beginning
no actually like I'll be the first to
admit I'm the one who fucked up the most
with the level one and I feel like that
set the game really far behind like Jake
lost his boob off off that it's Jonathan
got completely messed up then when he
wanted and like I basically got cheese
by like usually blue side leashes they
didn't leash I got cheese from the bush
that was horrible for me and like I
don't think anyone lost confidence at
all I think especially oleh like after
the game he's like shit I should have
hit that like I missed my ulti so many
time or like in a crucial moment I guess
not so many times but in crucial moment
on syndra so I get school it happens and
like we should have engaged a lot more
been more aggressive he would have more
opportunities to go and if we were just
more confident so like I don't think it
should be that worried I say that kind
of hesitantly because like we're still
in a really tough group we could
possibly not make it out but I don't
know I think we're playing I'm surprised
like I'm really surprised how close that
game was like next time if we play two
percent better we're gonna win now it
feels as though going into this after
the group draw and after playing so
everybody feels like fnatic is the West
only hope how do you feel about those
suggestions fnatic hmm fnatic is really
weird they uh man they are really good
for sure but they're really weird
the
they play the game everyone on their
team I feel like plays at a different
pace which normally is really bad
because it makes everyone on this earth
like not on the same page but for some
reason for them it just really works
like there's certain parts of the map
where you can't really attack for a
fanatic cuz they play really carefully
then other parts of the map they're
playing really aggressively and they
also pick those spots to have good
matchups and they you know it's like
caps and stuff so caption box will work
or later they play really fast and like
for us you know we're all about playing
on the same page and playing a
controlled game fast paced but also very
like together and fnatic I feel like
they're all more loose and their
teamwork is more based around like just
like scrambling something together and
then getting everyone in on it yeah I
don't know they're they're really good
I just it's so like wild the way that
they play I'm really interested to see
how that perform are they the US only
hope though no I think we're there too
we're definitely there is it just the
two of you uh yeah I think so like I
want to I want to say so cuz I really
believe in my team okay but do you think
like 100t cloud 9
whatever European teams are here
European teams right right nah they
could like anything's possible I think
there you go you always have to say that
because you look like an idiot if you
just got someone that like I knew what I
was I was I believe in G 2 all along I
knew I knew that fight out who's gonna
make her a group B like but yeah
realistically it's probably fnatic has
the highest chance and then us and then
there's a big gap between those two and
everyone else well let me let me ask you
this there's an anime that I saw today
you were in it that's pretty hype right
did that help you did you feel good or
no you saw this yesterday right yeah I
saw that maybe a couple days ago it was
sick it was sick I wish I had more witty
comments as I was watching and I felt
like I was just so shocked when I when I
recorded my reaction I didn't really say
anything good but like they nailed my
bowl cut really well over the years like
I feel like they've looked at like
iconic pictures of me from 2011 2012
2013 and they like copied it super well
and like a lot of the yeah they just got
a lot of the details down super spot on
so it was it was a good video was a good
short video and also I need to watch my
academia like everyone hyped me up on
that anime and I saw him watching single
oops I what's like one episode yeah
Broden said that teamliquid stop doing
double if reacts videos because you
don't ever react or no it's like don't
laugh or what is it what there was a bit
okay
no no but you were saying there's one
that they did with doublelift where yeah
oh you were doing videos I added video
on the react channel it's really random
crossover and you never an anime
crossovers and you never reacted no I
did once all right I'm trying to think
about what else it's been so much since
I've seen you house Korea has a team
like what's going on like are scrims
going okay what's happening screams are
going okay I wouldn't say they're good
but like I don't even know how to really
define good at Worlds because my
experience in screams on previous teams
has been win screams lose on stage or
you know kind of get stomped and then
get stomped on stage overall though like
I think our team we playing pretty good
like we need to make some small tweaks
but I'm starting to not starting I
believe now really firmly that the way
that we've been practicing has been the
right way our coaches coach us the right
way
our skills we've like owned over the the
last like few months it's like you have
to trust that because when you go to
Worlds you can't be like finicky and be
like oh what if this doesn't work like
what if what if I'm actually just bad
like what if they're just so much better
than me now the truth is like you just
have to trust in your practice and I
think we were just lacking confidence
today so next time we're gonna fucking
smash them you also made top twenty
again yeah I don't know I actually that
makes me feel so weird I feel like I
don't deserve it I don't deserve it well
if you don't deserve that B's no na
player deserves to be I mean unless you
think there's another player that should
be there yeah dude I I think it's like I
don't deserve it if there's another any
player I would have to pick one I'd
probably smoothie yeah there's there's
like this weird thing where I feel like
they just put me in just cuz I'm from an
A and they want to have one na player
there but the way that I've played in
the last two worlds like it makes me
physically cringe just thinking about it
it's so bad
to be there again it's like man I really
got to step up if I'm gonna deserve this
well you should step up we would all
like it if you step up that would be
very good for a North American except
I'm trying I'm trying
yeah it's interesting you said you said
that you did not do well in that game
but you had like the kills the assists
you everybody else had died until the
end and then I don't know it just it's
it feels different watching that game
yeah I could have played a lot better I
think I think I could have I mean I did
some things well like just playing the
map will not falling for their plays but
getting choose a level one that was huge
if that happens to me again like yeah I
don't know if we're gonna be able to
come back like that all right what would
you say to all of the fans out there who
are watching this and are rooting for
Team Liquid North America et cetera
goddamn like I don't know how it is to
be a fan and just keep cheering for the
region that just sucks out every year
but like I know what it's like to be a
player on that region and it's it's
really hard it's really hard I really
want to prove everyone wrong I really
want to like change my story cuz I look
back and it's like what have I done I
won it on Isis na LCS and I go to Worlds
and I shoot my pants so it's it's like
the same story for the last few years
and it feels so bad like I want to I
want to like kind of kick those demons
away and just change my whole career
because if I do well at Worlds like I
really believe like I'll be remembered
differently very good well anything you
want a shout out here in this interview
you Gigi over here dude you know I'm
serious I'm this is not just like a fake
plug but like I use this site every
single day to check win rates to check
bills to check like what the president
playing in Korean so like you it's huge
it's big it's you Gigi baby thanks for
you think you devil if for the interview
as well I don't have to pay the normal
fee I pay him because you Gigi they've
got a discount you can check out the
rest of you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel you know
what's interesting about vending
machines it just makes me think a lot
about the choices that we make in our
life you know you're you're presented
with a knob
where you put some sort of resource in
and then you're able to acquire
something and there's just rows and rows
it's just it's so similar life the
different selections that you can make
it also kind of reminds me of champion
select and you're never sure if you're
gonna be able to make the right
selection here but you could be sure you
never make the wrong selection and
champion select if you use you Gigi our
sponsor that's right you just click that
link below the video
you go over there you type in a champion
name you'll learn all about them you'll
never lose champ select again and then
you'll just be venturing out wins like
you could just put some money in a
machine and then you get the win so this
is you da Gigi it's free they're our
sponsor support them